Homework #2 - COP2220

Write a program in the provided HW2.c file that performs the following requirements:

The first part of the program is creating a coffee drinking calculator.
0) Display your name on the first line.
1) The variables that are needed for the coffee drinking calculator are already defined in the
HW2.c file. Also the constant TOTAL_NUMBER_OF_DAYS is already defined.
2) Query the user to enter the number of cups of coffee consumed 2 days ago and save
that entry in the cupsTwoDayAgo integer variable.
3) Query the user to enter the number of cups of coffee consumed 1 day ago and save
that entry in the cupsOneDayAgo integer variable.
4) Query the user to enter the number of cups of coffee consumed today and save
that entry in the cupsToday integer variable.
5) Add the 3 days of coffee consumed and save it in the totalCups variable. Display to 
the user the total number of cups of coffee  (totalCups) consumed over the last 3 days.
Example: You have consumed x cups of coffee in the last 3 days.
6) Calculate the average number of cups of coffee per day that are consumed and save it in
the avergeCups variable. Display to the user the average number of cups of coffee per day (avergeCups)
that are consumed. This number must be displayed with 2 decimal point precision.
Example: You have consumed on average 3.33 cups of coffee per day over the last 3 days.
You must use the provided label TOTAL_NUMBER_OF_DAYS in the HW2.c file for all calculations and displays that
pertains to 3 days.

7) The second part of the program is to create a time conversion calculator.
The variables that are needed for the time conversion calculator are already defined in the
HW2.c file. The SECONDS_PER_MINUTE constant is also defined. See the class example in the
slides and the posted example program for converting inches to feet for assistance.
8) Query the user to enter the number of seconds to be converted and save it in the userTime
variable. Example: Enter the number of seconds to be converted> 
9) Convert the entered seconds to seconds between 0 and 59 and save it in the convertedSeconds
variable.
10) Convert the entered seconds to minutes and save it in the convertedMinutes variable.
11) Display the result to the user.
Example: 90 seconds equals 1 minute and 30 seconds.
You must use the provided label SECONDS_PER_MINUTE for all your time converting calculations.


Files provided:
The file HW2.c is provided and must be used as a starting point for your program.

Files submitted to Canvas:
Your completed HW2.c program.
An image of the console output running your program.

Under week 3 slides in Canvas, see the convert-inches.c program for assistance with the convertion
part of the assignment.

Your program must match the above listed requirements.
Your program must compile with no errors or warnings for full credit.
Your program must run and execute the above listed requirements.
Your program must follow the Best Practices covered in class for full credit.
Your program must be adequately commented for full credit.
Your program must be tested for full credit.
You  must submit an image of your program working for full credit.
The program must be submitted on time in order to receive any credit.
Late submissions will not be accepted or graded.
All programming assignments are individual work, sharing code is considered cheating.

