Homework #4 - COP2220

Write a program in the provided HW4.c file that performs the following requirements:

Display your name to the console.

After displaying your name, there are 4 unique sections to this program.

Section 1

Create a while loop that that loops 5 times. Each time through the loop, a single number
is displayed. After the loop is complete the display should be the following:
5 4 3 2 1 


Section 2

Create a while loop that loops 5 times. Each time through the loop, a single number
is displayed. After the loop is complete the display should be the following:
96 97 98 99 100
This display should be on a separate line from the Section 1 display.


Section 3

Using a while loop, query the user to enter any character.
The while loop with loop 10 separate times, therefore the user will be queried 10 separate times.
Each user query should contain the number of the character and be displayed on a separate
line. For example:
Enter character number 1
Enter character number 2
...
Enter character number 10
After the user has entered 10 characters, you will display how many letters from a to z AND
A to Z (both small letters and capital letters combined) have been entered, how many digits 
from 0 to 9 have been entered, and how many other characters (non-letters and non-digits) 
have been entered. Each of these 3 totals should be displayed on a separate line. Example:
You have entered 4 letters.
You have entered 3 digits.
You have entered 3 other characters.
Be sure to enter the 3 different categories when executing your program.

Section 4

Using a do-while loop, query the user for an integer number or -999 to quit the entry process.
When the user enters -999, the do-while loop will terminate. The -999 entry will not count as an
entered number. After the user has completed the entry process, display the number of entries and 
the average of the entries to 2 decimal places. If no entries are made by the user (the user just 
enters -999) then display that 0 entries were made and the average cannot be determined. You must 
not allow for a divide by zero in your program. Examples:
Enter an integer number or -999 to quit this section

You have entered 3 numbers that have an average of 5.33



Files provided:
The file HW4.c is provided and must be used as a starting point for your program.

Files submitted to Canvas:
Your completed HW4.c program.
The image your program running all 4 sections.

Your program must match the above listed requirements.
Your program must compile with no errors or warnings for full credit.
Your program must run and execute the above listed requirements.
Your program must follow the Best Practices covered in class for full credit.
Your program must be adequately commented for full credit.
Your program must be tested for full credit.
You  must submit an image of your program working for full credit.
The program must be submitted on time in order to receive any credit.
Late submissions will not be accepted or graded.
All programming assignments are individual work, sharing code is considered cheating.

