Homework #1

Write a program in the provided HW1.c file that performs the following requirements:

1) Display your name on the current line of the console.
2) On the next line, ask (query) the user for the number of hours
of sleep for the previous night.
3) This user entry is captured in your program in a double type variable.
4) On the next line, ask (query) the user for the number of hours
of sleep that was anticipated for tonight.
5) This user entry is captured in your program in a double type variable
that is unique (different) from what was captured from item 3 above.
6) Display to the console on the next line the results of the user entry with the amount of sleep
expressed with one decimal place. Example:
Your sleep last night was 6.2 hours and your anticipated sleep tonight is 8.0 hours.
7) On the next line, query the user what number grade is targeted in this class. This number
will be captured in an integer type variable.
8) On the next line. display the input from 7 to the screen. Example:
You are expecting to receive a grade of 98 in this class.
9) On the next line, display to the console the number of bytes that an integer type is allocated
on your computer platform. Example: 
On this computer platform an integer is allocated with x bytes.
10) Do the same as in item 9, but now for a char type.
11) Do the same as in item 9, but now for a float type.
12) Do the same as in item 9, but now for a double type.


Files provided:
The file HW1.c is provided and should be used as a starting point for your program.

Files submitted to Canvas:
Your completed HW1.c program.
An image of the console output running your program.

There is a tutorial on a similar program that be viewed here:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQtKMFAlkok&feature=youtu.be

For information on the sizeof operator, see slide 12 of the DataType class slides.

Your program must match the above listed requirements.
Your program must compile with no errors or warnings for full credit.
Your program must run and execute the above listed requirements.
Your program must follow the Best Practices covered in class for full credit.
Your program must be adequately commented for full credit.
Your program must be tested for full credit.
You  must submit an image of your program working for full credit.
The program must be submitted on time in order to receive any credit.
Late submissions will not be accepted or graded.
All programming assignments are individual work, sharing code is considered cheating.

